envio un buffer
en comunicarse
envio un buffer
en comunicarse
en case solicitud memoria
recibo solicitud memoria
envio respuesta
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio informancion
envio paquete
en case solicitud bytes
recibo solicitud bytes
envio confirmacion
en case liberar memoria
